docs: Update high level overview and introduction (#20535)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/learn/intro/00-overview.md

Learn more about [application-specific blockchains](./01-why-app-specific.md).

## What is Modularity

> Today there is a lot of talk around modularity and discussions between monolithic and modular. Originally the Cosmos SDK was built with a vision of modularity in mind. Modularity is dirived from splitting a blockchain into customisable layers of execution, consensus, settlement and data availability, which is what the Cosmos SDK enables. This means that developers can plug and play, making their blockchain customisable by using different software for different layers. For example you can choose to build a vanilla chain and use the Cosmos SDK with CometBFT. CometBFT will be your consensus layer and the chain itself would be the settlement and execution layer. Another route could be to use the SDK with Rollkit and Celestia as your consensus and data availability layer. The benefit of modularity is that you can customise your chain to your specific use case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Today there is a lot of talk around modularity and discussions between monolithic and modular. Originally the Cosmos SDK was built with a vision of modularity in mind. Modularity is derived from splitting a blockchain into customizable layers of execution, consensus, settlement and data availability, which is what the Cosmos SDK enables. This means that developers can plug and play, making their blockchain customisable by using different software for different layers. For example you can choose to build a vanilla chain and use the Cosmos SDK with CometBFT. CometBFT will be your consensus layer and the chain itself would be the settlement and execution layer. Another route could be to use the SDK with Rollkit and Celestia as your consensus and data availability layer. The benefit of modularity is that you can customize your chain to your specific use case.
```

## Why the Cosmos SDK

The Cosmos SDK is the most advanced framework for building custom modular application-specific blockchains today. Here are a few reasons why you might want to consider building your decentralized application with the Cosmos SDK:

> * It allows you to plug and play and customise your consensus layer. As above you can use Rollkit and Celestia as your consensus and data availability layer. This offers a lot of flexibility and customisation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It allows you to plug and play and customise your consensus layer. As above you can use Rollkit and Celestia as your consensus and data availability layer. This offers a lot of flexibility and customization. 
```
